Meeting notes for November 30th 2020 (#16)
scikit-learn/administrative: meeting_notes/2020-11-30.md

## November 30th 2020

### Release 0.24

- Release highlights are merged
- `_safe_tags` is reviewed twice and CI is green.
  There don’t seem to be red flags, probably ready for merge.
  This is the only blocker for the release.

### Need decision
- Christian: What are the next steps for features names?
  Some related links: [PR for SLEP015: Feature Names Propagation](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/48),
  [PR to Accept SLEP013](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/36) (SLEP013=n_features_out_ attribute),
  [last comment on PR SLEP0014](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/37#issuecomment-667759811)
  - Andy: n_features_out PRs, then feature name consistency, then feature names.
  - Thomas: column name consistency, `validate_data` on non-fit methods, then kwarg added to `transform`,

>     but we haven't madea decision and the new PR is substantial change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    but we haven't made a decision and the new PR is substantial change
```

      - Use of `black` by [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/development/contributing.html#python-pep8-black)
  - Guillaume: pre-commit to reformat the PR just before merge
  - Nicolas: useful in the long run
  - Thomas will open a PR
  - the stable documentation will be updated once the black style is applied
  - black formatting not good for notebook style examples.
  - Don't make it 1.0 milestone, we can do it any time
- Christian: Cut [A common private loss module](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/issues/15123) into several PRs.
  Alex can work with Christian on this.

- Start to think about attributing tasks and delegate responsibility to the designated task force.
    - Olivier, Juan Carlos, Chiara are on the release, but everybody helps
    - Olivier, Thomas P and Adrin on feature names
    - Thomas P and Gaël on TargetEncoder (Gaël owes Thomas a review)
    - fit_transform != ? fit.transform: Gaël & Andy
        - https://scikit-learn-enhancement-proposals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/slep001/proposal.html
        - https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/issues/33

>     - sample_props: Adrin, Alex, Christian 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - sample_props: Adrin, Alex, Christian, Joel
```
